deploy/dev/README.md, before:

# Local Development

This environment is intended to be used for local development and testing of
the docker containers.

An `.env` file in this folder contains the following variables:

```
COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=secas
BLUEPRINT_CODE_DIR=<location of secas-blueprint repo>
SSA_CODE_DIR=<location of secas-ssa repo>
MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN=<token>
API_TOKEN=<token>
API_SECRET=<secret>
LOGGING_LEVEL=DEBUG
REDIS_HOST=redis
SENTRY_ENV="development"
ROOT_URL=<host URL>
HOST_TILE_DIR=<location of tiles on host>
BLUEPRINT_STATIC_DIR=/var/www/southeastblueprint
SSA_STATIC_DIR=/var/www/southeastssa
```

Source this file in your shell `source .env`.
(in Fish shell: `export (grep "^[^#]" .env |xargs -L 1)`)

The UI static assets are built using by running the following `gatsby clean` and
`gatsby build --prefix-paths` in the `ui` folder of each application repository,
and copying the outputs in the `public` directory to `var/www/southeastblueprint`
and `/var/www/southeastssa`.

Note: these must be built with

```
PUBLIC_MAPBOX_TOKEN=<token>
PUBLIC_API_TOKEN=<token>
PUBLIC_SENTRY_DSN=<DSN>
PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_ID=<id>
PUBLIC_API_HOST=<API host>
PUBLIC_TILE_HOST=<tile host>
PUBLIC_CONTACT_EMAIL=<contact email>
```

and

```
SITE_URL=https://localhost:8080/southeastssa
SITE_ROOT_PATH=southeastssa
```

in their `.env.production` files.

After those have been built, pull the other images and run:

```bash
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up -d
```

Commit message:

Remove references to Gatsby, update env vars

deploy/dev/README.md, after:

# Local Development

This environment is intended to be used for local development and testing of
the docker containers.

An `.env` file in this folder contains the following variables:

```
COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=secas
BLUEPRINT_CODE_DIR=<location of secas-blueprint repo>
SSA_CODE_DIR=<location of secas-ssa repo>
MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN=<token>
API_TOKEN=<token>
API_SECRET=<secret>
LOGGING_LEVEL=DEBUG
REDIS_HOST=redis
SENTRY_ENV="development"
ROOT_URL=<host URL>
HOST_TILE_DIR=<location of tiles on host>
BLUEPRINT_STATIC_DIR=/var/www/southeastblueprint
SSA_STATIC_DIR=/var/www/southeastssa
```

Source this file in your shell `source .env`.
(in Fish shell: `export (grep "^[^#]" .env |xargs -L 1)`)

The UI static assets are built using by running `npm run build` in the `ui`
folder of each application repository,and copying the outputs in the `public`
directory to `var/www/southeastblueprint`
and `/var/www/southeastssa`.

See [staging README](../staging/README.md) for `.env.production` file settings.

After those have been built, pull the other images and run:

```bash
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up -d
```
